okay let's just release this and we're
shaking a lot no no LCS is ok let's try
it again okay this is fine this is fine
good no wait why are we going crazy
can't control anything I want this work
I have like all the cheats enabled why
are you still doing this Oh coming a
little fast
ah right ok let's just be very careful
there you go get a shot my done deep
today dick today okay gently does it
spent like free hours getting a simple
shot so just get this and I'm finished
wait a minute I don't know God for God's
sake we are guys
guys we've lost most of the spaceship
it's going a different way to us why are
we going sideways enough
with my power of only my mind televek
job I will make our orbit go from a pro
grade orbit around the moon to
retrograde orbit abracadabra alakazam
some other magic word and we were thus
our direction around the moon and we'll
make a ship invisible the same time that
is a common side effect of my psychic
powers yep ah what mmm so yes it's a
thing what was I should going
Charlie again it's a ship this is our
ship but wait huh
don't leave me here I
gay this is our ship all right okay
whether they should go why is the ship
over there where are you going
why are you leaving me here alone i'm so
ronery so ronery
see ya but that was enough okay to the
asteroid to date drilling today
strap this don't want any more bugs
that would be a bad thing so many
bucks saman Boing ok place this
No ok let's check it now ok and that was
good but what I Wyatt what why are we
going back see ya that's just a very
short bit of all the bugs that happen
during the two episodes ah in the end I
had to hyper edit the ship into orbit
around the moon and then that broke so
the ship was never actually in orbit
around the moon there i'm afraid if you
look at that shot you can see the ship's
not actually in next to the moon that's
the ship pretending to be next to the
moon actually the ship's just in space
because case he wouldn't let me go to
the moon and back because every time
tried to get the moon it would change my
orbit and every time I hybrid hood to
the moon this ship would float away and
also I didn't solve the problem of the
wibbly-wobbly spacecraft of doom the
shot you see of that in episode 10 is
actually like the last couple of frames
before it goes wiggling wobbling the
command pod comes off just played
backwards and forwards over and over and
over again so yeah sometimes carry
breaks and you fix it and sometimes
carefully breaks and you tear your hair
out and then faked everything I love kst
it's a great game go get it anyway yeah
you should totally like and subscribe
yeah cool anyway uh yeah stay shown to
people but